Boy, you said this is fake.
You have to show me the evidence.
I'll give you 10 seconds.
Dear
Just quickly admit your mistake to Brother Tiger, okay?
It's time to bury it for me
Brother Biehu
Look at the rust on it. It's unnatural.
There are traces of strong acid bites
Bullshit.
Copper filings bitten by strong acid
Has a pungent taste
Why do you think there is none?
That's because he's been buried for a long time
It is specially designed to fight mice like you.
Brother Hu, if you don't believe me, find a high magnifying glass
Take a closer look.
The marks on him must be unnatural
Must be talking nonsense
I'm definitely old
Only I replaced the army, Qizhi
A magnifying glass
It's really fake, how do we explain it?
Brother Tiger, I really don't know, oh my god
It's in stock. I'll call you right away.
I really don't know.
I am also a victim.
Do you know I'm a fool?
You chose this place
The object was taken out by you
The price is also set by you.
You say you don't know
Brother Hu treats you as a brother
You don't lie to me with counterfeits
Brother Tiger, I really don't know.
Been playing bitch for decades
I almost fell into your hands today
Come on, brother, come up, fifth brother, come on
brother
Thanks to you today, what else would he do here?
Brother Tiger, all these treasures are given to you.
Who let you, that guy?
Brother Tiger, you have nothing to lose.
Let him leave his things and let him go
Use you to speak for me
It's redundant.
It's all redundant, Brother Tiger should be beaten and dug, boy
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
Look, if I can't get it done, you're done.
Your mouth is quite hard
Go out and choose for me offline.
It's redundant, it's redundant, bro.
Good eyesight at a young age
In two days, Chen Tianshi held a gambling pump conference
How about going to see it with my brother?
I'll think about it.
Hey, Brother Tiger, these things are counterfeit anyway
It's useless for you to keep it.
Why don't you give it to your brother?
No problem, thank you, Brother Tiger.
Fifth brother, since you are so loyal
Then brother, you will reveal the secret
I hope you go back and shoot
You have a heart condition